Personal information processing policy

1. Items and methods of collecting personal information (for the purpose of collecting and using personal information)
The game app service does not collect user's personal information, and when collecting personal information, we will notify the user in advance and seek consent.

WL2. Consignment and provision of personal information
The game app does not collect personal information and does not provide it to third parties. If you provide it to a third party afterwards, we will notify the user in advance and ask for consent.

3. Period of use of personal information and method of destruction
The game app service does not transmit or store user's personal information to the server.

4. The rights of users and legal representatives and the method of exercising them
Users can use the game app service at any time, and personal information is not collected when using the service.
In addition, personal information of children under the age of 14 is not collected without the consent of the legal representative.
The game app service guarantees the legal rights of legal representatives of children under the age of 14. (Reading, correcting and deleting children's personal information, and suspending personal information processingthe old volume)

5. Installation, operation, and rejection of devices that automatically collect personal information, such as Internet access information files
The game app service does not automatically collect personal information.

6. Measures to secure the safety of personal information
The game app service complies with the "Standards for Technical and Management Protection of Personal Information" under Article 28 (1) of the Act on Promotion of Information and Communication Network Utilization and Information Protection.

7. Person in charge of personal information
If you contact us anytime regarding your personal information, we will give you a quick and sufficient response.
Personal Information Officer: Jeyeon (wpdus@funidea.co.kr)

If you need to report or consult about other personal information infringement, please contact the institution below.


8. Other
If there is any addition, deletion, or modification of the above, we will explain it to the user through a notice at least seven days before the date of implementation. However, we will notify you at least 30 days in advance of any changes that are important to the user's valuable rights or obligations.

Personal Information Processing Policy Notice Date: November 1, 2022
Personal information processing policy implementation date: November 1, 2022
